content/wall.md, before:

+++
date = '2024-12-10T14:51:03+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'Wall'
+++

# _**This is the wall, every day I'll put something random on this page.**_

#### 12 oktober So close to the bulwark!
#### 11 oktober Toxic gossip train...
#### 10 oktober Is tiredness an 💫*illusion*?
#### 9 oktober Holy crap, I AM good at presentations.
#### 8 oktober Stress is worth it!
#### 7 oktober 😰
#### 6 oktober Why don't they do crap?!
#### 5 oktober This week is gonna SUCK, first productive week though!
#### 4 oktober Peaks o' yore
#### 3 oktober Fair! ✅
#### 2 oktober Hard work pays off? University train!
#### 1 oktober 🩰
#### 30 september How the days fly! *Bzz*
#### 29 september Productive day without school! ... can it be?
#### 28 september I fished in Terraria for 7 hours, and I hate myself! Why can't sources of entertainment just be consistent! 😓
#### 27 september A great game always has something for you to do!
#### 26 september This will be a productive weekend! (Written ironically on monday)
#### 25 september Monster mash baby!
#### 24 september Why are people coping so much nowadays??
#### 23 september Am I an uninteresting person and why cant I be bothered to fix that although it might be my downfall?
#### 22 september Hard work and high fever!
#### 21 september Doki doki!
#### 20 september This might be the first productive saturday in society of mankind.
#### 19 september How one man can steal over everybody's attention, it's art!
#### 18 september The universal switch to neocities? I could write texts on societal issues and everything... 🎈
#### 17 september The social debate.
#### 16 september I reeking love other lads taking initiatives and me taking the benefit! 🥳💃🎈🎉🎊
#### 15 september Doe (dan) maar!
#### 14 september Me not being social here is embarrasing.
#### 13 september Locking myself up for *fun* activities rn.
#### 12 september im fucking it up
#### 11 september Tommorow we'll hang out! Today was reading day, and another day of social dissapointment.
#### 10 september All my art bros rise up!
#### 9 september Good afternoon...
#### 8 september What is she getting so excited about? Reading?
#### 7 september _They aren't letting me on my register!_ 😉😉
#### 6 september Damn, Netflix is addictive too? Everybody is in on this hype. 😎
#### 5 september I love getting wet with my dudes, yo!
#### 4 september Perhaps this is obsolete now with the diary...
#### 3 september Linux? Why?
#### 2 september August was jumping like a ball!
#### 1 september 1. MORE. DAY.
#### 28 august Diary time!
#### 28 august "You're just like your grandfather!"
#### 28 august Bol.com is expensive!
#### 28 august The day I'll go to the book shop!
#### 27 august Damn, energy levels through the ROOF.
#### 26 august Minecraft thing failed? Not really though.
#### 25 august Just starin' at the ceilin'
#### 24 august Doing nothing is not boring? Holy crap.
#### 23 august Excitation over Minecraft exploitation!
#### 22 august I guess August had a boring vacation too... 😓
#### 21 august Energy overload, for the first time in a long while!
#### 20 august Buurman Peter.
#### 19 august "Could I go to bed earlier? I want this week to end!"
#### 18 august "Kanker wijf!"
#### 17 august I should just ride around town at home...
#### 16 august Help! My father is a child! 🦷
#### 15 august _*"De weduwe die Nederland redde"*_
#### 14 august Rimworld + real people?
#### 13 august Reminder: Get a diary instead of writing on this stupid wall.
#### 12 august Reminder: Explain augustus chemistry anger (?)
#### 11 august I never knew a man could have such patience.
#### 10 august *I hate wasted potential man...*
#### 9 august "Such wonderful people" 🤩
#### 8 august Mech & I cried.
#### 7 august Do I stalk??!!
#### 6 august Friends MIGHT be the most addictive thing ever, attention, attention!!
#### 5 august The wall will end again for a while, do not fret though!
#### 4 august First time in a while I go to bed with a bad feeling in my stomach, webst3r is a weird guy. Spider man.
#### 3 august I should forget my phone to vacation as well, life is so much better... 
#### 2 august I thought time only flied when you were having fun, 2022 was 3 years ago!!
#### 1 august Deleted Discord! ⁉️
#### 31 juli Nature is so much better, if only, if only.
#### 30 juli Rimworld Dementia?
#### 29 juli Actually nightmares about after the vacation. 👀
#### 28 juli I never thought listening to ADULTS talking about LIFE could be so entertaining!
#### 27 juli Yeah... that's just 4 hours of Northernlion mario party watched in 1 day...
#### 26 juli No response from anyone...
#### 25 juli De vlucht uit Falaise! (7.5/10, enorm voorspelbaar maar wel goed)
#### 24 juli RimWorld should add more ways to train shooting for fuck sake. 👊
#### 23 juli It's-A-Wario time!
#### 22 juli The original DELTARUNE prophecy is so awesome, because LOVE WILL FIND ITS WAY TO THE GIRL 💗
#### 21 juli Had a great time with the fellows over at the *RimWorld* discord server today.
#### 20 juli Turns out all-you-can-eat places are actually delicious, AND CLEAN!
#### 19 juli Damn, next vacship I should focus more on the defenses, I really did NOT know what I was doing that playthrough...
#### 18 juli It's-a-me, Wario! Have a rotten day! 🍅🍅
#### 17 juli I've also joined some other Minecraft events, including one of someone who claimed they knew it all!
#### 16 juli Perfect timing to get into Ish's stuff! I might even be able to join the next one, although it might not be as big.
#### 15 juli Tommorow. Me, RimWorld, 1 murderer ship. 🌟🌠
#### 14 juli The Linguini death scene had me cackling brother.
#### 13 juli *Young gentleman turns into an autist after not speaking to another human for 2 months...*
#### 12 juli IMAGINE if I had a job.
#### 11 juli Another day of contemplation... 😑
#### 10 juli Cambridge exams were baby steps.
#### 9 juli I'm really scared for tommorow, I might fail, I literally barely studied lol.
#### 8 juli Still have to message my pal!
#### 7 juli It's about time to start studying...
#### 6 juli I'm pro at EToH? I beat 2 ADVANCED towers today. Proudnessmaxing frfr.
#### 5 juli I had so much fun in a VC today, they were beating the knight without the mantle. GOD i love people. 🗣
#### 4 juli Xzavier and Deltarune? I love making people get deltarot syndrome like me.
#### 3 juli Lowest point in the vacation yet?
#### 2 juli I always think about what if I get hurt when home alone lol.
#### 1 juli I'm gonna have a stroke. 🌞
#### 30 juni Vacation! This better cause a change.
#### 29 juni The prophecy of DELTARUNE feels so awesome when you say it in your head.
#### 28 juni Reaching out to Eddie!
#### 27 juni I could study... but it went fine.
#### 26 juni I love procrascination with these great voorbeelden.
#### 25 juni Just doing nothing( I played everything incremental tree game ), tests are even easier than expected!
#### 24 juni Mark Trumpsucker Rutte (I mean for his task, fair enough)
#### 23 juni Ben is letterlijk oranje
#### 22 juni It's bushisms all over again!! ⚰️
#### 21 juni Contemplation: twijfel is de duivel
#### 20 juni Musical for me? (Probably not lol)
#### 19 juni Bijles wiskunde is so real
#### 18 juni Tommorow is the big finale, will it be croquettes??
#### 17 juni Do I want this? Probably?? 😃
#### 16 juni Project today, the presentation next week will probably be fine... like always...
#### 15 juni (I really could've made that cool December theory) 
#### 14 juni GUARDIAN is a banger though
#### 13 juni Wooo! Let's goooo!!! Yeah!!! ⚽️
#### 12 juni game design is tough.
#### 11 juni Privacy rulez!
#### 10 juni Richard Nixon my goat...
#### 9 juni New Rimworld DLC, great timing! (Just hope it's not spaceships)
#### 8 juni Snowgrave.
#### 7 juni We will posess Noelle, remember that.
#### 6 juni WITH HOPE CROSSED ON OUR HEARTS 🎻
#### 5 juni Does the piano Wing ding my Gaster?
#### 4 juni KRIS IS EVIL, I KNEW IT.
#### 3 juni The knight... the roaring knight...
#### 2 juni T.V. Time!
#### 1 juni The firey prophecy of Vetzak en Dombo.
#### 31 may Today I turned into a Penumbra coper 😔
#### 30 may I should go do sports, so fun!!
#### 29 may Yes, I love christian holidays !!
#### 28 may 7 days... 7 days.... 7 DAYS.
#### 27 may zoveel uitval 🔎
#### 26 may Today I let the others take control... (it didn't end well)
#### 25 may We gotta save Randy Random from a moofallo raid in RimWorld!!
#### 24 may Napstablooking rn
#### 23 may Where have my gymnastic skills gone, so pissed!
#### 22 may The experiment has flopped. 🐛
#### 21 may Deltarune is creeping near my feet, but at least it's twitching!
#### 20 may history legend(s)
#### 19 may Factory reset (but not for everyone else)
#### 18 may I adore learning tests in 1 day. It's like my whole personality.
#### 17 may Someone other than me played Deltarune, this is a once in a lifetime occurance!!!
#### 16 may this day was really sad (funeral)...?
#### 15 may TU = Don't pee at the wrong times.
#### 14 may Going to school because I have to. 🤧
#### 13 may Lost my ideas for school lol
#### 12 may Mogging today. (Sigma)
#### 11 may How is school fair! Let me be lazy!
#### 10 may Sick day. But at least spamton sweepstakes!
#### 9 may I was gonna pass out 😀
#### 8 may Being sick exactly on the wrong day
#### 7 may home alone
#### 6 may Almost forgot that I actually have responsibilities
#### 5 may oh yeah, deltarune news letter soon!!
#### 4 may all Quarristers rock!
#### 3 may All the way back for THAT!
#### 2 may sick of swimming!
#### 1 may Library day, it had to come 
#### 30 april I got recognized! 😝
#### 29 april Royal ranger galore
#### 28 april Zynth farm planned, oh wait, A SALE.
#### 27 april: I'm cooked (in a bad way)

#  CHANGE OF FORMAT STARTS HERE

##### There'll be a pause for a while, which starts NOW 🔘📺 26/04/25
##### Hachoo! (first viveine) 🤧🌲💃 25/04/25
##### Breeding charts were made. 24/04/25
##### The days are starting to blur together... 23/04/25
##### I swear I'm gonna do some mad wublin/amber island stuff when I'm all alone at the park. 🔥⚡ 22/04/25
##### *It's aaaaall arouuuund. 💦* 🌲 21/04/25
##### When can I go back to school? 20/04/25
##### Flint and steel! 19/04/25
##### When you know what the correct things to do are and you don't do them... 18/04/25
##### Mid. 17/04/25
##### Project tommorow, don't know how to feel! 16/04/25
##### So I'm going? I love impulses. 15/04/25
##### We are so back 💫 14/04/25
##### The wait for monday keeps going! 13/04/25
##### Boskus 12/04/25
##### No social energy today man! 😭 11/04/25
##### Sad that she didn't make it happen, we'll see. 10/04/25
##### I just hope I'll have the courage to not be lazy someday 😔. 09/04/25
##### Talk went great, I hope I can start tommorow tommorow! 08/04/25
##### New start, feeling fresh! *did not try tommorow though* 07/04/25
##### Funny how the typing course just got ABANDONED, I'll try tommorow. 06/04/25
##### I hope stuff gets better man. 05/04/25
##### Why did I skip! 04/04/25
##### Wow, okay, Deltarune is real! (tbh sad it's gonna take so long 😔) 03/04/25
##### Deltarune tommorow I'm calling it guys (cope). 02/04/25
##### Literally just waiting for tommorow, glad the conclusion is settled. 01/04/25
##### Can this day just *HURRY UP* MAN ⏱️⏱️ 31/03/25
##### Teenage mood swings are a real thing. 30/03/25
##### I hate wasting my tiiiiiime. 29/03/25
##### Thing to tell her ig. 28/03/25
##### Field of hopes and dreams is now the field of copes and screams. 27/03/25
##### IM TELLING YOU DELTARUNE TOMMOROW, SET YOUR ALARM. 🕰️ 26/03/25
##### End of the test week? 25/03/25
##### What am I ment to say, it went well? 24/03/25
##### The Minecraft loneliness, you wouldn't understand... 23/03/25
##### I feel great feeling like shit. 22/03/25
##### Toetsweek is actually vacation, she's right. 21/03/25
##### This changed me. ⭐ 20/03/25
##### SO much toetsweek optimism it's crazy. 19/03/25
##### SMP met August! 18/03/25
##### Presentation Festivitation 🛹 17/03/25
##### Kut toetsweek gevoel kut kut kut 16/03/25
##### Worst day of the week lowkey 15/03/25
##### No dancing luckily, piano! 🎹 14/03/25
##### Literally me when I don't know the test content and I still ace 😏 13/03/25
##### ⬇️ Foolish, only 4 people had actually done it, AND SHE DIDN'T EVEN CARE! 12/03/25
##### Hey so, you knew the project had to be delivered tommorow right, right? 11/03/25
##### I wondah how hes doan in that lowsay school 🔊🔊 10/03/25
##### Excited for tommorow, oh wait. 09/03/25
##### The achievements are coming.... Have faith... 🏆 08/03/25
##### Begeleiding? 07/03/25
##### ⏸️⏱️🚲😥. 06/03/25
##### Homework backdrop. 05/03/25
##### Half of the people left!! . 04/03/25
##### One of these days I'll do something again. 03/03/25
##### He went on the shopping spree again, who could've seen that coming!?. 02/03/25
##### I feel like I'll get bored of the rim soon. 01/03/25
##### Rimworld addiction? I kinda hate myself, but life is for having fun right? 28/02/25
##### LUXURIOUS RIM ⭐. 27/02/25
##### Miserable Rim. 26/02/25
##### Chess! ♟️ 25/02/25
##### Typing cursus was completely forgotten, whoops. 24/02/25
##### Vacation extermination. 23/02/25
##### Vacation preparation. 22/02/25
##### I should own up to the owning, get owned! 21/02/25
##### I' m gonna play rimworld, time to start a slave colony! 20/02/25
##### The talk was crazy good for me. 19/02/25
##### Yes, I' m guilty, I bought rimworld for 50 euros. AND WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT! 😜. 18/02/25
##### I uninstalled RimWorld. Probably a bad idea though. 17/02/25
##### This day was really just a more lame yesterday 🤷‍♂️ 16/02/25
##### Today I played RimWorld for 7 hours, I scare myself sometimes. 15/02/25
##### Sniper elite is alot like hitman, kinda weirdly similar? 14/02/25
##### Energy levels quite literally flipped 🔋🪫 13/02/25
##### Mental deconstruction mode activatos 12/02/25
##### My golden age of music! 💽 11/02/25
##### Positive energy! 10/02/25
##### I wish I could exit this swamp xd, it's not that funny anymore. 09/02/25
##### Feel like a swamp. 08/02/25
##### Sports!. 07/02/25
##### ⏳⌛ continuation of yesterday. 06/02/25
##### ⌛⏳ 05/02/25
##### Sigma xd. 04/02/25
##### All the energy in my veinssssss. 03/02/25
##### Wow, i revitalized? 02/02/25
##### Month flew by, but, not really. ⁉️ 01/02/25
##### Arts are cool, I should make some! 31/01/25
##### EPIC GAMER ROCK SPORE 2007 FUNNY GUY COMPILATION HEAVY ROCK DEATH ROCK ⭐⭐⭐⭐ 30/01/25 
##### And it was going so well 🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️ 29/01/25 
##### Do you prefer Bouhezza or Kemariya 28/01/25 
##### I made a dish today, it was great. 26/01/25
##### Lough tuck! 🎈 25/01/25
##### The plant doesn't reach the sealing yet. 24/01/25
##### Icehead! 23/01/25
##### 📔📕📖📗📘📙📚 Alot of reading info today!!!!. 22/01/25
##### So uhh and uhh and you know about the thing where I uhh. 21/01/25
##### It's a party somewhere else. 20/01/25
##### Recovery? 19/01/25
##### Dread. 🔨💩 18/01/25
##### I should watch more netflix, I love it. 17/01/25
##### No news, pure quiet, have a rest. 🕙 16/01/25
##### 🕷️🐞🪲🐝🪳🐜🦗🪱🪰🦟🐌🐛🦎🦀🦐🦋🦇 every insect (Reference) 15/01/25
##### Scary. 14/01/25
##### If only more days were as active as this one, I feel energized (which means I feel great). 13/01/25
##### If anyone wants to ask me to help for a project (preferably pc related), please do! 12/01/25
##### Nvm, forget what I said, weekends suck. 11/01/25
##### Weekends are great IF you didn't have time for fun stuff during the week. 10/01/25
##### The Bazaar looks like a casino game, but upon further inspection... 09/01/25
##### Look below, it's more important. 08/01/25
![Baby gansje](/images/baby_gansje.png)
##### 07/01/25
##### Today I learned more about the Caucasus. < 🇦🇿 🇬🇪 🇦🇲 > - 06/01/25
##### What about plants?, What about plants?, What about plants?, What about plants?, you get the just. - 05/01/25
##### First! 😝😝😝 - 04/01/25

Commit message:

fuck this dude, i hate this

content/wall.md, after:

+++
date = '2024-12-10T14:51:03+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'Wall'
+++

# _**This is the wall, every day I'll put something random on this page.**_

#### 19 oktober Mentality, AND a good plan. Imagine if I could be like spiff?
#### 18 oktober Mentality is key.
#### 17 oktober I ran so far, yet got so far. But in the end, it doesn't even matter.
#### 16 oktober The weeks of this website might be coming to an end! Sad??
#### 15 oktober The sweat is getting to me dude, projects suck.
#### 14 oktober Election time!
#### 13 oktober I'm happy about that weekend.
#### 12 oktober So close to the bulwark!
#### 11 oktober Toxic gossip train...
#### 10 oktober Is tiredness an 💫*illusion*?
#### 9 oktober Holy crap, I AM good at presentations.
#### 8 oktober Stress is worth it!
#### 7 oktober 😰
#### 6 oktober Why don't they do crap?!
#### 5 oktober This week is gonna SUCK, first productive week though!
#### 4 oktober Peaks o' yore
#### 3 oktober Fair! ✅
#### 2 oktober Hard work pays off? University train!
#### 1 oktober 🩰
#### 30 september How the days fly! *Bzz*
#### 29 september Productive day without school! ... can it be?
#### 28 september I fished in Terraria for 7 hours, and I hate myself! Why can't sources of entertainment just be consistent! 😓
#### 27 september A great game always has something for you to do!
#### 26 september This will be a productive weekend! (Written ironically on monday)
#### 25 september Monster mash baby!
#### 24 september Why are people coping so much nowadays??
#### 23 september Am I an uninteresting person and why cant I be bothered to fix that although it might be my downfall?
#### 22 september Hard work and high fever!
#### 21 september Doki doki!
#### 20 september This might be the first productive saturday in society of mankind.
#### 19 september How one man can steal over everybody's attention, it's art!
#### 18 september The universal switch to neocities? I could write texts on societal issues and everything... 🎈
#### 17 september The social debate.
#### 16 september I reeking love other lads taking initiatives and me taking the benefit! 🥳💃🎈🎉🎊
#### 15 september Doe (dan) maar!
#### 14 september Me not being social here is embarrasing.
#### 13 september Locking myself up for *fun* activities rn.
#### 12 september im fucking it up
#### 11 september Tommorow we'll hang out! Today was reading day, and another day of social dissapointment.
#### 10 september All my art bros rise up!
#### 9 september Good afternoon...
#### 8 september What is she getting so excited about? Reading?
#### 7 september _They aren't letting me on my register!_ 😉😉
#### 6 september Damn, Netflix is addictive too? Everybody is in on this hype. 😎
#### 5 september I love getting wet with my dudes, yo!
#### 4 september Perhaps this is obsolete now with the diary...
#### 3 september Linux? Why?
#### 2 september August was jumping like a ball!
#### 1 september 1. MORE. DAY.
#### 28 august Diary time!
#### 28 august "You're just like your grandfather!"
#### 28 august Bol.com is expensive!
#### 28 august The day I'll go to the book shop!
#### 27 august Damn, energy levels through the ROOF.
#### 26 august Minecraft thing failed? Not really though.
#### 25 august Just starin' at the ceilin'
#### 24 august Doing nothing is not boring? Holy crap.
#### 23 august Excitation over Minecraft exploitation!
#### 22 august I guess August had a boring vacation too... 😓
#### 21 august Energy overload, for the first time in a long while!
#### 20 august Buurman Peter.
#### 19 august "Could I go to bed earlier? I want this week to end!"
#### 18 august "Kanker wijf!"
#### 17 august I should just ride around town at home...
#### 16 august Help! My father is a child! 🦷
#### 15 august _*"De weduwe die Nederland redde"*_
#### 14 august Rimworld + real people?
#### 13 august Reminder: Get a diary instead of writing on this stupid wall.
#### 12 august Reminder: Explain augustus chemistry anger (?)
#### 11 august I never knew a man could have such patience.
#### 10 august *I hate wasted potential man...*
#### 9 august "Such wonderful people" 🤩
#### 8 august Mech & I cried.
#### 7 august Do I stalk??!!
#### 6 august Friends MIGHT be the most addictive thing ever, attention, attention!!
#### 5 august The wall will end again for a while, do not fret though!
#### 4 august First time in a while I go to bed with a bad feeling in my stomach, webst3r is a weird guy. Spider man.
#### 3 august I should forget my phone to vacation as well, life is so much better... 
#### 2 august I thought time only flied when you were having fun, 2022 was 3 years ago!!
#### 1 august Deleted Discord! ⁉️
#### 31 juli Nature is so much better, if only, if only.
#### 30 juli Rimworld Dementia?
#### 29 juli Actually nightmares about after the vacation. 👀
#### 28 juli I never thought listening to ADULTS talking about LIFE could be so entertaining!
#### 27 juli Yeah... that's just 4 hours of Northernlion mario party watched in 1 day...
#### 26 juli No response from anyone...
#### 25 juli De vlucht uit Falaise! (7.5/10, enorm voorspelbaar maar wel goed)
#### 24 juli RimWorld should add more ways to train shooting for fuck sake. 👊
#### 23 juli It's-A-Wario time!
#### 22 juli The original DELTARUNE prophecy is so awesome, because LOVE WILL FIND ITS WAY TO THE GIRL 💗
#### 21 juli Had a great time with the fellows over at the *RimWorld* discord server today.
#### 20 juli Turns out all-you-can-eat places are actually delicious, AND CLEAN!
#### 19 juli Damn, next vacship I should focus more on the defenses, I really did NOT know what I was doing that playthrough...
#### 18 juli It's-a-me, Wario! Have a rotten day! 🍅🍅
#### 17 juli I've also joined some other Minecraft events, including one of someone who claimed they knew it all!
#### 16 juli Perfect timing to get into Ish's stuff! I might even be able to join the next one, although it might not be as big.
#### 15 juli Tommorow. Me, RimWorld, 1 murderer ship. 🌟🌠
#### 14 juli The Linguini death scene had me cackling brother.
#### 13 juli *Young gentleman turns into an autist after not speaking to another human for 2 months...*
#### 12 juli IMAGINE if I had a job.
#### 11 juli Another day of contemplation... 😑
#### 10 juli Cambridge exams were baby steps.
#### 9 juli I'm really scared for tommorow, I might fail, I literally barely studied lol.
#### 8 juli Still have to message my pal!
#### 7 juli It's about time to start studying...
#### 6 juli I'm pro at EToH? I beat 2 ADVANCED towers today. Proudnessmaxing frfr.
#### 5 juli I had so much fun in a VC today, they were beating the knight without the mantle. GOD i love people. 🗣
#### 4 juli Xzavier and Deltarune? I love making people get deltarot syndrome like me.
#### 3 juli Lowest point in the vacation yet?
#### 2 juli I always think about what if I get hurt when home alone lol.
#### 1 juli I'm gonna have a stroke. 🌞
#### 30 juni Vacation! This better cause a change.
#### 29 juni The prophecy of DELTARUNE feels so awesome when you say it in your head.
#### 28 juni Reaching out to Eddie!
#### 27 juni I could study... but it went fine.
#### 26 juni I love procrascination with these great voorbeelden.
#### 25 juni Just doing nothing( I played everything incremental tree game ), tests are even easier than expected!
#### 24 juni Mark Trumpsucker Rutte (I mean for his task, fair enough)
#### 23 juni Ben is letterlijk oranje
#### 22 juni It's bushisms all over again!! ⚰️
#### 21 juni Contemplation: twijfel is de duivel
#### 20 juni Musical for me? (Probably not lol)
#### 19 juni Bijles wiskunde is so real
#### 18 juni Tommorow is the big finale, will it be croquettes??
#### 17 juni Do I want this? Probably?? 😃
#### 16 juni Project today, the presentation next week will probably be fine... like always...
#### 15 juni (I really could've made that cool December theory) 
#### 14 juni GUARDIAN is a banger though
#### 13 juni Wooo! Let's goooo!!! Yeah!!! ⚽️
#### 12 juni game design is tough.
#### 11 juni Privacy rulez!
#### 10 juni Richard Nixon my goat...
#### 9 juni New Rimworld DLC, great timing! (Just hope it's not spaceships)
#### 8 juni Snowgrave.
#### 7 juni We will posess Noelle, remember that.
#### 6 juni WITH HOPE CROSSED ON OUR HEARTS 🎻
#### 5 juni Does the piano Wing ding my Gaster?
#### 4 juni KRIS IS EVIL, I KNEW IT.
#### 3 juni The knight... the roaring knight...
#### 2 juni T.V. Time!
#### 1 juni The firey prophecy of Vetzak en Dombo.
#### 31 may Today I turned into a Penumbra coper 😔
#### 30 may I should go do sports, so fun!!
#### 29 may Yes, I love christian holidays !!
#### 28 may 7 days... 7 days.... 7 DAYS.
#### 27 may zoveel uitval 🔎
#### 26 may Today I let the others take control... (it didn't end well)
#### 25 may We gotta save Randy Random from a moofallo raid in RimWorld!!
#### 24 may Napstablooking rn
#### 23 may Where have my gymnastic skills gone, so pissed!
#### 22 may The experiment has flopped. 🐛
#### 21 may Deltarune is creeping near my feet, but at least it's twitching!
#### 20 may history legend(s)
#### 19 may Factory reset (but not for everyone else)
#### 18 may I adore learning tests in 1 day. It's like my whole personality.
#### 17 may Someone other than me played Deltarune, this is a once in a lifetime occurance!!!
#### 16 may this day was really sad (funeral)...?
#### 15 may TU = Don't pee at the wrong times.
#### 14 may Going to school because I have to. 🤧
#### 13 may Lost my ideas for school lol
#### 12 may Mogging today. (Sigma)
#### 11 may How is school fair! Let me be lazy!
#### 10 may Sick day. But at least spamton sweepstakes!
#### 9 may I was gonna pass out 😀
#### 8 may Being sick exactly on the wrong day
#### 7 may home alone
#### 6 may Almost forgot that I actually have responsibilities
#### 5 may oh yeah, deltarune news letter soon!!
#### 4 may all Quarristers rock!
#### 3 may All the way back for THAT!
#### 2 may sick of swimming!
#### 1 may Library day, it had to come 
#### 30 april I got recognized! 😝
#### 29 april Royal ranger galore
#### 28 april Zynth farm planned, oh wait, A SALE.
#### 27 april: I'm cooked (in a bad way)

#  CHANGE OF FORMAT STARTS HERE

##### There'll be a pause for a while, which starts NOW 🔘📺 26/04/25
##### Hachoo! (first viveine) 🤧🌲💃 25/04/25
##### Breeding charts were made. 24/04/25
##### The days are starting to blur together... 23/04/25
##### I swear I'm gonna do some mad wublin/amber island stuff when I'm all alone at the park. 🔥⚡ 22/04/25
##### *It's aaaaall arouuuund. 💦* 🌲 21/04/25
##### When can I go back to school? 20/04/25
##### Flint and steel! 19/04/25
##### When you know what the correct things to do are and you don't do them... 18/04/25
##### Mid. 17/04/25
##### Project tommorow, don't know how to feel! 16/04/25
##### So I'm going? I love impulses. 15/04/25
##### We are so back 💫 14/04/25
##### The wait for monday keeps going! 13/04/25
##### Boskus 12/04/25
##### No social energy today man! 😭 11/04/25
##### Sad that she didn't make it happen, we'll see. 10/04/25
##### I just hope I'll have the courage to not be lazy someday 😔. 09/04/25
##### Talk went great, I hope I can start tommorow tommorow! 08/04/25
##### New start, feeling fresh! *did not try tommorow though* 07/04/25
##### Funny how the typing course just got ABANDONED, I'll try tommorow. 06/04/25
##### I hope stuff gets better man. 05/04/25
##### Why did I skip! 04/04/25
##### Wow, okay, Deltarune is real! (tbh sad it's gonna take so long 😔) 03/04/25
##### Deltarune tommorow I'm calling it guys (cope). 02/04/25
##### Literally just waiting for tommorow, glad the conclusion is settled. 01/04/25
##### Can this day just *HURRY UP* MAN ⏱️⏱️ 31/03/25
##### Teenage mood swings are a real thing. 30/03/25
##### I hate wasting my tiiiiiime. 29/03/25
##### Thing to tell her ig. 28/03/25
##### Field of hopes and dreams is now the field of copes and screams. 27/03/25
##### IM TELLING YOU DELTARUNE TOMMOROW, SET YOUR ALARM. 🕰️ 26/03/25
##### End of the test week? 25/03/25
##### What am I ment to say, it went well? 24/03/25
##### The Minecraft loneliness, you wouldn't understand... 23/03/25
##### I feel great feeling like shit. 22/03/25
##### Toetsweek is actually vacation, she's right. 21/03/25
##### This changed me. ⭐ 20/03/25
##### SO much toetsweek optimism it's crazy. 19/03/25
##### SMP met August! 18/03/25
##### Presentation Festivitation 🛹 17/03/25
##### Kut toetsweek gevoel kut kut kut 16/03/25
##### Worst day of the week lowkey 15/03/25
##### No dancing luckily, piano! 🎹 14/03/25
##### Literally me when I don't know the test content and I still ace 😏 13/03/25
##### ⬇️ Foolish, only 4 people had actually done it, AND SHE DIDN'T EVEN CARE! 12/03/25
##### Hey so, you knew the project had to be delivered tommorow right, right? 11/03/25
##### I wondah how hes doan in that lowsay school 🔊🔊 10/03/25
##### Excited for tommorow, oh wait. 09/03/25
##### The achievements are coming.... Have faith... 🏆 08/03/25
##### Begeleiding? 07/03/25
##### ⏸️⏱️🚲😥. 06/03/25
##### Homework backdrop. 05/03/25
##### Half of the people left!! . 04/03/25
##### One of these days I'll do something again. 03/03/25
##### He went on the shopping spree again, who could've seen that coming!?. 02/03/25
##### I feel like I'll get bored of the rim soon. 01/03/25
##### Rimworld addiction? I kinda hate myself, but life is for having fun right? 28/02/25
##### LUXURIOUS RIM ⭐. 27/02/25
##### Miserable Rim. 26/02/25
##### Chess! ♟️ 25/02/25
##### Typing cursus was completely forgotten, whoops. 24/02/25
##### Vacation extermination. 23/02/25
##### Vacation preparation. 22/02/25
##### I should own up to the owning, get owned! 21/02/25
##### I' m gonna play rimworld, time to start a slave colony! 20/02/25
##### The talk was crazy good for me. 19/02/25
##### Yes, I' m guilty, I bought rimworld for 50 euros. AND WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT! 😜. 18/02/25
##### I uninstalled RimWorld. Probably a bad idea though. 17/02/25
##### This day was really just a more lame yesterday 🤷‍♂️ 16/02/25
##### Today I played RimWorld for 7 hours, I scare myself sometimes. 15/02/25
##### Sniper elite is alot like hitman, kinda weirdly similar? 14/02/25
##### Energy levels quite literally flipped 🔋🪫 13/02/25
##### Mental deconstruction mode activatos 12/02/25
##### My golden age of music! 💽 11/02/25
##### Positive energy! 10/02/25
##### I wish I could exit this swamp xd, it's not that funny anymore. 09/02/25
##### Feel like a swamp. 08/02/25
##### Sports!. 07/02/25
##### ⏳⌛ continuation of yesterday. 06/02/25
##### ⌛⏳ 05/02/25
##### Sigma xd. 04/02/25
##### All the energy in my veinssssss. 03/02/25
##### Wow, i revitalized? 02/02/25
##### Month flew by, but, not really. ⁉️ 01/02/25
##### Arts are cool, I should make some! 31/01/25
##### EPIC GAMER ROCK SPORE 2007 FUNNY GUY COMPILATION HEAVY ROCK DEATH ROCK ⭐⭐⭐⭐ 30/01/25 
##### And it was going so well 🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️🙍‍♂️ 29/01/25 
##### Do you prefer Bouhezza or Kemariya 28/01/25 
##### I made a dish today, it was great. 26/01/25
##### Lough tuck! 🎈 25/01/25
##### The plant doesn't reach the sealing yet. 24/01/25
##### Icehead! 23/01/25
##### 📔📕📖📗📘📙📚 Alot of reading info today!!!!. 22/01/25
##### So uhh and uhh and you know about the thing where I uhh. 21/01/25
##### It's a party somewhere else. 20/01/25
##### Recovery? 19/01/25
##### Dread. 🔨💩 18/01/25
##### I should watch more netflix, I love it. 17/01/25
##### No news, pure quiet, have a rest. 🕙 16/01/25
##### 🕷️🐞🪲🐝🪳🐜🦗🪱🪰🦟🐌🐛🦎🦀🦐🦋🦇 every insect (Reference) 15/01/25
##### Scary. 14/01/25
##### If only more days were as active as this one, I feel energized (which means I feel great). 13/01/25
##### If anyone wants to ask me to help for a project (preferably pc related), please do! 12/01/25
##### Nvm, forget what I said, weekends suck. 11/01/25
##### Weekends are great IF you didn't have time for fun stuff during the week. 10/01/25
##### The Bazaar looks like a casino game, but upon further inspection... 09/01/25
##### Look below, it's more important. 08/01/25
![Baby gansje](/images/baby_gansje.png)
##### 07/01/25
##### Today I learned more about the Caucasus. < 🇦🇿 🇬🇪 🇦🇲 > - 06/01/25
##### What about plants?, What about plants?, What about plants?, What about plants?, you get the just. - 05/01/25
##### First! 😝😝😝 - 04/01/25
