+++
date = '2024-12-10T14:51:03+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'Plans?'
+++

##### ***Hey, thanks for checking out the website, enjoying it so far?***

## This is my first **blog post** in which I'll be discussing what I've been thinking about and my plans, *please keep in mind that it might be a little personal.*

#### I guess as of recently I've been more aware of this situation that I'm in, which is basically that I have alot of free time.
#### And you might think, this isn't a bad thing right? Yeah it isn't, but I feel like every day I don't try to change this lazy schedule of mine I'm wasting an opportunity.
#### I've been trying to find stuff that I like, I've tried programming for a while, I played music for a bit, but nothing really has kept my interest?
#### But to be honest, the main reason why I am not really getting better at these things is because of my motivation. My brain really just treats these things as something like a video game.
#### This sucks, because it's really hard for me to get me to learn them in a schedule.
#### I feel like I'd be really good at actually getting taught something though, despite what you might think, I'm quite good at following tasks, it'd be great.
#### Even something that my family got me to think about, a "club" would also be good, I'd have some much appreciated social contact and learn stuff!
#### I'm really lucky because my future plans are basically already planned, I'm getting a high paying job and I'll ace school.
#### Which is really why I'm thinking about this. Because I can overachive at school, and I did a while ago, but **Why** right?
#### I have no push to do well than average at school, my parents are fine as long as I'm not failing, and nobody else really cares.
#### I guess last period ***was*** a good oppertunity to show the school what I'm capable of, my mentor told me that when judging you they take stuff like that into account.
#### I've been thinking about putting *"Please DM me if you need me for any sort of project, you'd greatly support me"* on my discord, though I don't think it'd have much effect.
#### I really would enjoy it to be honest, making a game, or learning something with another person, and it'd probably make me alot happier as well.
#### I think I have greatly changed as a person in these last few months though, which is good, because I love change.
#### Primarily because I've become alot more social, not popular kid class, but you know what I mean.
#### It's actually allowed me to enjoy school alot more, which is nice I guess.
#### But it's like, it doesn't really change anything about ME right? The point is just that I ***NEED*** to start doing something. (or I might go insane :P)
#### I guess I've been thinking about getting into creating maps of games like Age of History 3, I did that once and I LOVED it, the combination of learning new stuff, creating nice images and making patriotic texts and flags is just so fun to me.
#### Now that I'm thinking about it, there's no reason really not to do that right? I see no downside.
#### I made a pong game in pygame, but that's really it for now, I really don't get that much satisfaction from doing python at the moment. I'll put it in the portfolio though.
#### It's so strange that I **know** that I'd enjoy things like python so much more if I had someone to do it with together.
#### It really is an interesting time for me right now, I'll keep you all *(myself)* updated.
#### Bye! *(Sorry for my weird way of writing lol, gotta get used to it I guess.)*