+++
date = '2024-12-10T14:51:03+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'Months go quick.'
+++

## I've heard 2 people say now that January went by quickly, and then immediatly regret their statement and say that January took too long, which is true.

#### I realise that any sort of passion for me always goes in a similar pattern, which is:
##### 1. I put in alot of effort for ~2 weeks, a crazy amount of dedication.
##### 2. I don't do anything for ~2 weeks because I'm completely exhausted.
##### 3. I go into these on off sessions for ~2 weeks at a time in which I either do nothing, or a normal amount.
#### And i'm sick of this because I just want to always put in effort, so that I can actually learn something!
#### (Yes this is obviously about Python, I admit it)
#### I was having a conversation with someone yesterday about mastering my lifestyle, and I guess it inspired me.
#### He advised me to spend all my time at school optimally, so that I'll be able to teach myself something at home.
#### Although this is bullshit, because if I waste all my energy at school I'll literally die when I get home.
#### It's really infuriating because I really think I want and could do something like learn to play an instrument, but I just don't know where to start.
#### And I'd enjoy it too! And it'd greatly improve my life! (socially and mentally)
#### Now that I'm writing this, maybe a mentor could fix this? I feel kind of bothered asking about it though, it's a bit of an odd reason after all.
#### Honestly, I know this is not a respectable thing to say, but sometimes I just wish I had strict parents who'd force me to study all the time and play an instrument or whatever.
#### I know I'll be happier thinking back later if I have the most fun possible (which I am right now sort of). But at the same time I really haven't achieved much.
#### This is kind of the same riddle as last time isn't it? I wish I could just take initiatives.

# *Now for something different*

## It's weird how styles change
#### It can be one day where I genuinely like a song or album, but the other day where I don't.
#### This week I've been obsessed with **Grapes Upon the Vine**, I love the choir bitsies.
#### But sometimes I just can't listen to it because it sounds so repetitive.
#### Same with games I guess, but Hitman is just a vicious cycle.
#### I've been trying to stop playing it because I tend to get angry.
#### I know it could be so enjoyable but the game always punishes me for something I have no control over.
#### I might still write a review of it in a post though, if i have energy xd.
#### I'll try to do things more when I don't feel like it, and get the conversation started about a mentor, bye!